Campaign: [[Mist Sessions]]
Predecessor: [[Mist S1 12-29-23]]
# Session notes:
- Started in fields near the cattle enclosures while talking to Burton the cattle-hand
- Smears-burrow is 40 miles to the north and west
- Deion helps and elderly dye trader named Arnold setup his stall for the saddle-port market
- Wake questions Yugo about their quarry of Dmitri and Igor and learns that they passed through a couple days ago and were asking about the Sunken Caverns and shortcuts across the highlands
- Kelswin identifies a dagger the Yugo had in his possession
	- the dagger is a Stormphrax weapon and has the name 'Pombo Wrinkle' engraved on its hilt. 
- Yugo notices Deion and immediately gets angry
	- Yugo was mugged on the blood-stone path by 'thugs,' one of whom was named Puck, Deion's old friend.
	- Yugo recognized the symbol carved into Deion's hand
- Yugo recommends the Green Order to Slug since they have superior craftsmanship of weapons and metallurgy

The group rests for the night as a massive storm cell brews over the Distant Sea, threatening to rain on the group as they make their way to Smears-burrow.

- In the morning, the group meets up with Jordan to travel west and north towards Smears-burrow
- King (Wake) reveals identity and their real name of Wake to the group
	- Cool description of previously covered face: shifting eyes resembling an ongoing storm, white and black hair, 2 silver and different ear piercings, and a lip piercing
- Group sets off into the now raging storm along the coast
- Marching order of Jordan and Deion in front, Wake and Kelswin in middle, and Slug in the rear
- Group encounters two turned over and destroyed caravan carts with bodies and crates scattered around
- Wreck site is inland from the road and the cliffs-front is on the other side of the road
- Deion, Wake, and Jordan explore the wreck while Kelswin and Slug look on from a nearby hill the group crested earlier
- Kelswin sees corpses by the cliff and then 3 forms moving up the cliff face and onto the highlands, tries to alert group by attacking a corpse Wake was looking at, gets their attention in time to avoid a surprise round for enemy
- Combat ensues, party finds out barnacle growths on the attacking creatures (discovered to be Sahaguin) bring dead monsters back to life 
	- Growths have 20 hit point, AC 18, and a creature can have multiple growths. 
- One more Sahaguin joins to make 4 versus party. 3 die by jumping off the cliff, one dies on the highlands, group uses its corpse as a deterrent while they rest after the fight. 
	- Cool moment: Wake uses gust of wind to throw a Sahaguin off the cliff to their death, Kelswin discovers that the growths can be targeted and destroyed. 
- The party examines the caravan and find the following:
	- Deion finds out the caravan is from the Trades Guild in Gandoras City, meaning it is one of the supply caravans that supplies each of the towns along the highlands. 
	- The crates for Saddle-port and emptied but all other crates are still full, notably 5 for Smears-burrow, each 200 pounds of materials.
	- Group picks out the repair materials (nails, metal forge nuggets, bespoke tools, etc.) and bring them all with them as they make their way to Smears-burrow

The party ends the session with Smears-burrow in their sights after having travelled from 5 AM to 11 PM in one day. Deion and Slug will both need to make constitution saving throws versus exhaustion for carrying the extra supply goods from the destroyed caravan. There are 2 days left after the end of the day of travel before a raid occurs on Saddle-port. 