Campaign: [[Mist Sessions]]
Predecessor: [[Mist S5 3-23-24]]

Usually I do prep-notes on paper and they never make it to the session notes, but I forgot my primary journal at school and was running this session at home so prep notes are here instead. 
# Prep Notes:
**What did the group learn about the raids:**
- Blue marks along jetties in Smears-burrow
- Rusted tridents near the scuff marks with initials RB on them
- RB missing from Smears-burrow on fourths-day, before raid which took town members that occurred on the next firsts-day. 
- Raiders raid on firsts-days, based on raid in Smears-burrow and Gullhook (up the coast)
- Raiders focus on taking librarians and miners (not sure on reason)
- Group believes Vivian could be a target (librarian)
- Slug found cave 10 miles south of Smears-burrow with rusty tridents, various fishing gear, a dead body that died in a struggle, and a locked chest.
- The cave found seemed to be home to 30 creatures actively using it, none home when found.

**The group's current conclusion:**
1. RB betrays Smears-burrow and helped the raiders into the town with his boat and then escaped with them.
2. RB's boat was taken from RB and then used in the raid and RB is missing. 

**Possible plans of action:**
Now that the group is in Saddle-port before raid (arrived on weeks-end, raid predicted for firsts-day), they can decide how to approach situation:
1. The take any librarians and miners (Vivian and maybe some others idk) and escape the town
2. They decide to defend the town from the invaders
3. They take the fight to the possible invaders and search for either a ship bringing raiders or simply the raiders themselves

**Recourse for plans of action:**
1. Taking people from town leaves town defenseless, they will come back to annihilated Saddle-port with most of citizens dead. 
2. Defending town ideal, make sure they know there are plenty of resources and how to build defenses. However, cannot fight all enemies at all, need to be strategic.
3. Bringing fight is suicide but scouting not bad. They will realize size of the force is greater than what they can handle. 
# Session Notes:
- Session opens on the group starting the beginning of week's end in saddle port
- The group knows the following about the raid:
	- It will happen during the night between first's day and second's day
	- the raiders target miners and librarians
	- Reggie brown likely dead, body in cave linked to RB initials on trident found with body
	- Blueberry seen AFTER RB's death by a fisherman in town
	- Vivian a likely target, alongside 3 visiting miners from Gandoras City
- A massive thunderstorm is approaching saddle port from the distant sea (North)
- Intense rain will be present on night of the raid

**Starting the Day:**
- Of course, Slug finds Betty the Bull outside his door and ends up riding betty backwards
- Kelswin, along with Wake, informs Vivian of the plot against her
- She suggest to get the town's 'leaders' together
	- This means prominent figures
	- Burton, Jordan, Herbert/Alice, ironworkers, Timber Workers, visiting miners