Campaign: [[Mist Sessions]]
Predecessor: [[Mist S3 02-10-24]]
# Session notes:
- this was the session of mini side quests and gathering information:
	- Wake was hunting a red fish with 2 Grungs named Merlod (Earl) and Frildos (Frill)
	- Kelswin was helping a Grung historian take a closer look at Grung records to learn about their sacred
	- Deion was helping an old man haul in lobster crates
- Starting with Deion, he heard information on way to help
	- learned missing man, Reggie Brown's ship was called 'the blueberry'
- Deion goes and finds the old man, named Gaston Long-line
- Deion dives down off the fishing quays down to the coral below to unstuck some stuck lobster crates
- Deion notices one crate had gashes in it and soon came face to face with a massive eel
- Deion found and defeated the eel but realized the eel was trying to drag him towards a strange, dark cave
- Deion helps get crates to surface and helps man bring crates up to market
- Deion slowly realizes that the man was poaching off of crates 
- When Gaston is found guilty and executed, for poaching another fishers crate is of the highest severity here, Deion does not move to help. 
- Moving onto wake, they searched for two ambitious grung named Earl and Frill that were hunting the red fish
- Earl and Frill had between them a severely bent trident, a small weighted net and a hook with some rope on the end (this caused a ton of laughter at the table and joking about this being the end of wake) 
- Wake was guided by the grung to the hunting grounds, an open expanse of sand and sparse rocks amidst the coral that large predatory fish hunted in. 
- Wake and the grung staked out waiting for the fish to show, it did, and holding her breath, wake engaged the fish alongside the grung
- Turns out the red fish was fearsome and a steamy breath of superheated water boiled one grung and left wake unconscious making death saves
- Frill, the last standing grung, finished off the distracted fish after heavy damage from wake and then attempted to carry wake to the surface.
	- I ruled that wake, making death saves and unconscious underwater, had to make death saves even if they got three successes. Dying underwater means you cannot stabilize until you regain air. However, if you have 3 successes and make it to the surface to get air, you stabilize. 
- Wake needed to make one final death save before being brought to the air on the surface. It literally came down to one d20 toss and Wake passed it and lived to see another day.
- Wake as well as Frill got 150 gp each for their heroism 
	- Wake got two tattoos:
		- one with battle depicted with red fish
		- one of gills on the side of their neck
- Finally onto Kelswin who met with Ralverth, a green grung and a historian of the great magic grung rock, to discuss the history of the rock
- Kelswin is taken down into the grung pond after being given Gillyweed to breath for an hour underwater. 
	- Note that while I, as a DM threw around Gillyweed to give the impression that its easy, its actually expensive and hard to come by meaning Ralverth had to go to some expense to help
- Kelswin and Ralverth scoured the archives of stone tablets and they found some documentation on the first days of the Grung in the ponds showing the conch held by a skeleton. the skeleton was disregarded and the conch was embedded into the stone above the grung throne 
	- humanoid non grung had conch and made grung ponds
	- skeleton of humanoid was left on the throne
- There are rumors of a curse on the magic grung rock and that a grung who last held the conch shell exploded 
- Important: The rock gave off magic from the schools of : Abjuration, Divination, Transmutation, Enchantment, and Illusion. 
- Now back to Deion. Deion was at the fishing wharfs and realized things:
	- There are deep blue gashes on the fishing portion of the wharf
	- The gouges are flecked with blue paint
	- in the water below, where the eels were, there are tridents with the initials R.B. on them
- Wake learned that Dmitri and Igor (the two people she is pursuing) are going to the sunken caverns; why she does not know
- Deion got an eel razor necklace from the eel that he slayed
	- razor necklace 
- There are talks about the mother eel, a massive mother of all eels who lives in the coral fields somewhere. References by Gaston before execution
- Wake rests from levels of exhaustion 
- We are still on Rest day (Saturday) and the raid on Saddle-port will happen on first-day of next week. 