Campaign: [[Mist Sessions]]
Predecessor: [[Mist S2 01-20-24]]
# Session notes:
- Started session overlooking smears-burrow
- Group had travelled from 5am to now midnight and I had them make 5 con saves for forced march and exhaustions: Wake 4, Deion 0, Slug 1, Kelswin 2, Jordan 2, Horse 2
- Introduced ordering system for weekdays: first's day, second's day, third's day, fourth's day, fifth's day, rest day, week's end.
- Group discusses how to give materials they salvaged to the citizens
	- They don't want to look like criminals or the ones who stole the goods
- Deion and Jordan head to the Laughing Elk (tavern) to look for someone to talk to about it
	- Kelswin follows them but stays outside the tavern for now
- In smears-burrow pool or billiards is called 'ball-knocking' (got laughs here)
- Deion and Jordan enter into a dance room, try to dance across to get to stairs, Deion fails and bumps into taller goliath fellow
- Goliath fellow 'forces' Deion to buy him a beverage called the fire cask for 350 gp and Deion can't pay (down-pays 30 gp)
- Helga (bartender) gets 5 glasses and pours 5 drinks (Jordan's looks darker)
- Jordan immediately passes out, turns green around the face, and clammy 
- Kelswin enters now and sees this playing out
- Big goliath expresses distaste for The Trade Guild at Gandoras City to Deion
- Big Goliath leaves, Deion, Kelswin, Jordan stays, Kelswin looks at Jordan with no luck and Deion talks to Helga
	- Helga says the big goliath is wealthy and called 'His Majesty'
	- She didn't actually bring out fire cask but rather whiskey lit on fire, give Deion back 15 gp and says they are even
- Deion and Kelswin quickly bring Jordan to the room they rented (306) and leave him thinking His Majesty may get up to trouble
- Meanwhile...
- Wake and slug go into stables to rest the horse and hide the saved goods (just in case)
- They watch the tavern for Deion, Jordan, and Kelswin
- They see 3 massive goliaths in armor, with lanterns come out and begin to search in shops for something. 
	- The storm is in full force, lightning, thunder, the whole deal
- Wake and Slug hide in different berths in the stables to avoid being seen as henchmen come closer
- Deion does a baller ass play and shouts from the tavern, across the field, that 'The Boss' called it off, rolls a good check and they believe him (10 deception and 9 insight from henchmen)
- Dilemma!
- Jordan is in his room alone. Group is together at stables. They believe they need to get Jordan out. (I start the timer here)
- Wake will go inside
- Deion and Kelswin will wait outside to catch Jordan being thrown out the window
- Slug waits in stables with horse and saved cargo
- everything is just chaos immediately
- Wake walks into the bar, loudly shouts they need a drink, the 3 henchmen, now back inside tell Wake to go upstairs.
- His Majesty is at the bar getting told something by a henchmen.
- Wake minor illusions at bar to get His Majesty to walk downstairs
- Wake goes upstairs, room 306 is empty, no luck, Jordan is gone.
- Now outside...
- His Majesty walks outside, doesn't see Deion (hidden), immediately sees Kelswin, asks if Kelswin knows Deion
	- Note: Kelswin is roleplayed as a very bad liar
- Bad deception by Kelswin, good insight by His Majesty, tells Kelswin to come with, Kelswin says Deion is in the stables
- Baller play incoming:
- His Majesty gets to the stables, Slug is there, Slug says he is ALSO called Deion (different last name), huge deception check, His Majesty is frustrated and leaves, waiting in town center, talking to a sending stone for something 
- Shit hits the fan, fast:
- Deion/Wake and Kelswin/Slug groupings far apart. His Majesty and henchmen in the middle. Deion/Wake attack first, Deion fails horribly.
	- Deion gets dropped instantly and downed, His Majesty calls for a ceasefire, the group is skeptical until HM stabilizes Deion
	- From cliff-side, a group comes with Jordan being dragged along
	- Jordan looks fine
	- His Majesty says that he actually saved Jordan because he saw the glass was poisoned. He took Jordan from his room to his ship to be treated. 
	- The group thought he was evil but he wasn't. Sent henchmen to check for the crates because he was skeptical of Deion's word. 
	- Wake shows head of Sahuaguin to HM
	- Group skeptics cleared after fight
	- Who poisoned Jordan in the tavern then, bad light cast on tavern now by group and HM
- The group goes with HM to his ship to sleep for the night
- They leave on even terms, Wake gives HM a coin promising it will see HM accepted in Hope Town with the Blue Coats if HM does business there. 
- Town council time:
- The group goes to the town meeting with Simon, Freya, and Mr. Croaks
- They talk about the times, the group shows the crates to great surprise and elation, but tension in crowd at mention of Sahuaguin and raids
- Group is escorted by Croaks to the Shiny Shop, owned by Snaglak, to get some gear and the group was given 150 gp for the crates
- Snaglak can only say his name to communicate so shenanigans
- Deion buys a manual trident of returning for 25 gp (bonus action to return to hand)
- The group gets 4 diving belts to anchor rocks to in order to sink
- Lastly look at mission board:
	- Deion: Help man with bad back haul fish for coin
	- Kelswin: Help Grung document 'The Magic Grung Rock'
	- Slug: Learn diving and find a wedding ring in coral fields
	- Wake: Join group to fight big red fish in coral fields
- End of Session

The Group liked this one a lot from what I could see. I think the pure chaos of it, alongside a lot of player-led actions and driven events was good. Fun aside fact, the entire session was essentially started purely because Deion rolled a 1 on a performance check to cross the dance floor. His Majesty and the henchmen, the poisoning, and the combat were all made up on the fly because I didn't expect it. Turned out great though. I loved this session, funny NPCs I think made all the difference. Very good atmosphere at the table today.