Campaign: [[Mist Sessions]]
Predecessor: [[Mist S4 2-15-24]]

# Session Notes:

**Starting the session:**
This session starts around midday, after the prior session finished. The day is currently rest-day, e.g. Saturday. The raid on saddle-port will occur on first-day of next week. Start with Slug's solo quest to search for the ring. 

**Goals for the session:**
- Get party out of Smears-burrow and back on the road to Saddle-port by the end of the session. 
- Make sure the party understands the raids, when the last one occurred, what happened, and who was taken in them. We want to give the impression that there is a raid planned on Saddle-port 
- Find out more about Reggie-Brown
- Find Barney Carper's ship, named Stan-ta Ray off the cliff and the mysterious cave where the Sahuaguin are hiding out

**Starting off with Slug:**
- Talks to Snaglak and sees Gargle outside buying rope
- Gargle explains that he wants to go down the coast to search for the ring
- Gargle explains the finer points of diving and swimming
- They get to cliff's edge, very tall about 300 feet and sharp rocks beneath
	- What is your concern? My concern is that I won't live. 
	- I'm a salesman not a sails man
- Gargle hesitates and trips off the cliff, Slug grabs rope and also gets dragged off the cliff. Slug takes half damage and gargle takes full and goes unconscious.
- Slug begins to dive for the ring beneath the surface of the water
- Tries to go towards cliff face, sees rings off to one side and a shark off to the other and begins to move stealthily.
- Slug gets the ring, almost gets eaten by a shark, and as he breaks the surface, he finds a sea cave
	- This sea cave is the one related to Barney's side quest and searching for his boat, the 'Stan-ta War'
- Slug brings Gargle to the cave

**Back to the group:**
- Deion and Kelswin look at the jetties with the blue paint
- They speculate that Reggie Brown actually took the missing people (wrong but good idea)
- They want to take it to Simon and Freya and find out interactions with RB and the missing persons from the town
- Freya mentions that she was from the south east coast and guesses that Wake was as well
- Group discusses information and RB:
	- RB went missing sometime last week
	- Missing persons went missing at night, on firsts day
- Helga from bar knows RB went missing and was kind of, not sure on Fogram 
- Man in bar says RB went missing last week and said he was going fishing just north of Saddle-port 
- Questions a miner about the vanishings, possible reasons for miners being taken but no luck to that end. 

**Back to Slug:**
- Enters into small cave directly at the level of the sea
- One Sahuaguin attacks from the cave
- Sahuaguin gets blinded and staggers around blind while Slug attacks him
- Slug wins the fight 
- Slug finds the cave with the hidden Sahuaguin in it as well as their rest area.. Find the body of RB albeit without knowing that it was RB. 
	- Finds a crate with stuff in it 
- Slug is going to try and climb the cliff
- With excellent athletics Slug makes his way up the cliff using climbing gear
- Slug makes it back with the ring intact as well as having learned climbing 

**Closing the session:**
- Deion rests while drunk and the group meets up in their room to discuss the events of the day
- Kelswin wants to head back to saddle port as fast as they can 
- The group makes their way back to saddle-port by weeks-end (Sunday) 
- next session will start at the beginning of weeks-end 

Big take aways:
- Slug found the cave where Reggie brown died and took a trident that will, upon inspection, show the initials RB hopefully tying the cave to RB's disappearance. 
- Kelswin, Deion, and Wake discovered the clues linking RB's ship to the dock. They think either RB disappeared as a result of something sinister or was the cause of the miners disappearing. 
- The group tied the vanishings from raids to being miners and librarians, which inspired Kelswin to make the group go back to saddle-port to protect Vivian. 
- Slug found hideout of the raiders, albeit I don't think he really realized just yet. He also found Barney's ship, referred to as a yellow ship with a two word name, first word being hyphenated. They know there are 30 people in the cave, which means 30 raiders. 

Ideas for next session:
- Raid on the town, maybe preparing for the raid. Target Vivian. The group needs to know they are outmatched and outgunned. They cannot fight this head on, doing so will cause them to lose horribly. 
- Big storm foreshadowed to pass through on the night of the raid
- Something with RB's ship, 'The Blueberry.'