> [!NOTE] What to include
> A general catch-up-to-speed about where we are and what we were last doing
> A character-specific re-brief on their character's backstory
> A quick brief on the opposition and current leads
> Letter from Slug
> Rules dump -> spell thing + death saves
# General Catch-up
Welcome back to Mist adventurers! I, your loving GM, am so very glad that you are back to continue playing in the lands of Mist. Let's recap where we have travelled so far. Our adventure began upon the North-West Highlands, named The Whitecliff Plateau. This is the north-western region of the lands of Mist and is overseen by the massive capital of Gandoras City. Its ruler, King Hyranthara of the Royal Seat of Stone, oversees the kingdom of Whitecliff. That's the kingdom we're in now! The tall cliffs, for which the region is named, circle the plateau, isolating the citizens of Whitecliff from The Harmonious sea to the West and The Distant Sea to the North. The Plateau is hilly with open fields, windswept grass, deep crags, treacherous mines, and massive inland sea caves. Mining is common upon the Plateau but trade is dominated by fishing, with each of the 7 larger towns having its own, unique way to fish off of the namesake massive white cliffs of the region. Don't be taken unawares adventurer, these seas harbor danger; sea monsters, serpents, great fish, and krakens dwell here. Not to mention the tall cliffs of mist beyond the seas, off in the far distance. In legend, none have ventured beyond the mists and lived to tell the tale for these are the feared Shrouds of the Frost Bound Wardens, in which you have seen strange motions of colossal stone arms. 

That is all a bit much though, for we started in a simple fishing village along the Plateau named Saddleport, the home of Kelswin Lovejoy (an intrepid Divination Wizard Satyr). In the early days, we met the innocent folks of Saddleport: Herbert and Alice Shaw, Burton the Cowhand, Betty the Bull, Jordan Leabrook, and Vivian Lovejoy, Kelswin's adopted mother. Soon the rest of our party met: Wake Tiraus, a secretive adventurer from the South-Easternly Stormlocked Frontier and Deion Deus, an employed hand-at-arms for The Gandoras Trades Guild with a mysterious past. 

Our newborn party set off to the town of Smearsburrow, up the coast, to investigate rumors of vanishings. Uncovering rumors of a raiding party, comprised of Sahuaguin, targeting Librarians and Miners, the party rushed back to Saddleport to defend the town from an imminent raid. While valiant in there defense, tragically the party was defeated at the hands of the raiders and Vivian Lovejoy was taken as captive. The party lived through a dealing made with Yugo Stolid, an "innocent" shop keep in Saddleport, for which Deion will one day pay dearly. The investigation ensued and the party made headway for Smearsburrow and Gullhook.

In Smearsburrow the party used a majestic ship (a rundown repair raft) to explore down the cliff-coast for sea caves, searching for clues left by the Raiders. After surviving a harrowing maelstrom at sea, the search yielded a clue in the form of a complex riddle containing fleeting clues to divinities, lost locations that must be found, and something about "keyed entry of two must be found." It was found in a cave used by the Sahuaguin. What possibly could this lead to?

Forging further up the cliff-coast, the party arrived in Gullhook, a large town filled with bright characters. The town was scarred with reminders of a battle against the Sahuaguin raid force, a battle for which Gullhook paid dearly. Exploring the town led the the Dockyard guildhall and eventually to Chugga's where the party would play intense games of ball knockers to win a large prize. Items of magic were purchased and a deal was made with Arnov Vasilov (friend to Yugo Stolid) to recover strange rocks called Mind Rocks, found in the massive crabs. The group learned more of the riddle and of clues that would take them deep into the heart of the feared High Forest, a place of mystery and caution that locals hesitate to venture into. That night Deion narrowly survived his past when meeting with Puck, an dear old friend of his. Kelswin helped to save Deion's life. Wake assassinated a target of theirs, named Dmitri, killing them while they crossed a bridge into Temple Glade and later executed another target, named Igor, while the group fought Sahuaguin within the Salvage Yards. The party took on a new member, a spontaneous and chaotic Tiefling Sorcerer named Valyra. 

In the Salvage Yards, the group gained a map that noted locations around the Whitecliff Plateau. It was taken from the meeting place of the Sahuaguin and the Followers of Alsolace. This map mentioned places like The Compound, where many of the Miners were taken, and the Stronghold, where Vivian is believed to be kept. The Compound was somewhere within the High Forests while the Stronghold was much further south. Good luck my friends!

The last we left off, the group was returning to Gullhook from the Salvage Yards, injured children in tow. The children were taken to Temple Glade by the Town Guard (wearing the white clothes of the Temple Tenders). A funeral was set to take place early the next day, commemorating the life of Dmitri, a faithful servant of the Golden God of Coin, Alsolace. Tennyson Heralds, the golden preacher of Alsolace and head of Temple Glade, preaches caution since this "Wraith of the Night" who stole away Dmitri is just a sign of darkness to come as the dark god Erstorndin rises. 

So adventurers, my beloved companions, I have missed you! Welcome! Welcome back to Mist. 
# Specific Recaps
## Kelswin
- Whitecliff Plateau
- Brief Outline of Gandoras City
- A page from his mother's diary

Hello Kelswin, I'm sorry for your Mother's loss. I do hope you can recover her, tick tock tick tock. Here is some information to refresh your mind:

- **The Whitecliff Plateau:** The Whitecliff Plateau is a raised highland, tall white cliffs separating the plains above from the tumultuous sea beneath. The Plateau is considered the unpredictable part of the kingdom and is rarely ventured to. In the center are the salt fields, a chaotic place of hills, valleys, and rural farms that provide for the plateau. This area of Mist is ruled over by the Kingdom of Whitecliff, proudly crowned by His Majesty, King Hyranthara of the Royal Seat of Stone. In this region lie 7 primary towns: Saddleport, Smearsburrow, Gullhook, Anchorpoint Fisheries, Trawlrock, Herringshold, and Schooner's End. At the eastern end of the Plateau is King Gillian's Channel, a man made gorge splitting the plateau in two. Watching over the channel is Gandoras City, a white wall jewel of a capitol with towering walls and turrets with shimmering flags. Ringing the city are vast districts and industry. The city has between 100,000 and 250,000 residents with many smaller towns and cities resting between the eastern edge of King Gillian's Channel, the Western edge of the Greenheart Wilderness, and to the South, the North edge of Lake Middle Mist. In this region resides most of the kingdom's citizens. Most of this region relies on farming for industry, supplying Gandoras City with its food. The Eastern part of Whitecliff is considered safe and protected under the watchful eye of Gandoras City while the Plateau is regarded with caution and sometimes fear, for it is an unpredictable land with bandits, sea creatures, and monsters prowling its heights and waters. 
- **A Brief Intro to Gandoras City:** Gandoras City stands perched upon the edge of King Gillian's channel, Gandoras Castle stands towering white walls, massive turrets and ramparts, crowned with glittering roofs and flags. Surrounding it are large areas of industry, commerce, and living. King Gillian's Channel funnels ships into harbors far beneath the castle where they dock in a harbor. Goods are ferried up with magic. To get into the city from the Plateau, traders take their carts across a massive bridge built to span the many hundreds of feet between edges of the channel. The City is rules by the Royal Seat of Stone, a lineage stretching back till before the cities creation. The Seat of Stone is advised by the Rings of Gandoras: The Blackwood Ring (military), the Ring of Wealth (commerce/trade), and the Weaver's Ring (arcane). Representatives of factions for the citizens can directly address the King as is tradition. In general, the Seat of Stone is well respected and King Hyranthara is loved by his people. Traders from the Plateau make bi-monthly trips to sell their exotic fish and products at market. 
## Deion
- Deep Dive into Gandoras and politics
- Blood Stone Pass
- Chromatic Fangs + Frigid Crucible 
- Puck and Garrick

Hello Deion, how's that wound healing up? Puck sends his regards, maybe you will meet sometime? Who knows! 

- **Gandoras Trades Guild:** The Whitecliff Plateau is ruled by the Kingdom of Whitecliff. Its King, King Hyranthara of the Royal Seat of Stone, rules these lands. He is advised by the Rings of Gandoras: The Blackwood Ring (military), The Ring of Wealth (commerce/trade), and the Weaver's Ring (arcane). The Ring of Wealth directly oversees the Gandoras Trade Guild. You work for the Guild. Your job was Hired Muscle, called Trade Wardens, and were responsible for the protection and delivery of a weekly trade caravan that resupplied the Whitecliff Plateau. You were paid well, but the trek was dangerous. The plateau is regarded with fear and apprehension by the Trades Guild as well as the people of Gandoras. Stories of sea creatures, vicious raids, and monsters are common and you have experienced these first hand. A caravan usually included 30 to 50 wagons, 100 traders, and 20 or 30 Trade Wardens. A resupply trek took between one week and two weeks. 
- **The Bloodstone Pass:** Your home! Or at least, it used to be. This fearsome pass is the most widely used of the three passes used to traverse the Chromatic Fangs (the South-East mountains locking off the Stormlocked Frontier from the rest of Mist). The other two passes were The Gar Imladris Crossing and Dum Kazad Khalad Throngul (simply Dum Khalad for short). The Bloodstone Pass is long, steep, and rocky. It does not traverse the frigid heights of the Frigid Crucible (the Northern Range of Mountains) like the Gar Imladris Crossing or the depths of mountains dark like the Dum Kazad Khalad Throngul, rather it stays lower in elevation. A deadly path was forged over sheer drops, steep cliff byways, and dangerous rocky switchbacks. The path is stained a deep crimson-rust color from the ages of blood spilled upon jagged stone and a metallic scent overpowers any other as your travel here. The custodians of the path are the Ironfist Marauders, a brutal order led by the tyrannical Garrick Blackthorn. Garrick is a terrifying black dragon born with ancient scales, curved horns, eyes of pure green, and a smile of pure malice. He has never lost in single combat. With Garrick at the helm, the Marauders exact a hefty toll from travelers: 40% of a cargo, taken in the form of a cut of their goods. Any who slow down a convoy are slaughtered; children, women, the sick and frail, any who slow progress are killed. Speed is of the essence, the mountains are plagued by the undead: wraiths, ghouls, ghosts, and aberrations of the dark world. At the heart of the pass is the Bastion of Blood, an impregnable black and red stone fortress, nestled deep and secure within the heart of the Frigid Crucible. 
- **The Chromatic Fangs:** The Fangs are barrier mountains that separate the western reaches of Mists, namely the Greenheart Wilderness (vast forests), the Discordant Plains (eerie and abandoned open plains), the Meridian Cleave (a gorge through the center of Mist), and the Scorchsand Wastes (brutal arid desert) from the Stormlocked Frontier (the South-East coastal region). The northern mountain range, North of the Meridian Cleave, is called the Frigid Crucible. The mountains are sheer, plagued by ripping winds, and always frozen in ice and snow. At height, there is always a blizzard or storm making navigation murderous at best. While deadly, they are at least possible to navigate, unlike their southern sisters. The southern mountains range, South of the Meridian Cleave, is called the Scorvorian Peaks. They are named for an ancient red greatwyrm who dwells in the mountains named Scorvorria the Ember Greatwyrm. These mountains are hot and burning, their peaks less in height but far more craggy and dense in number. At their heart are a huge range of active volcanoes that spew magma and ash at a near constant rate. Legend has it that the sheer power of Scorvorria ignited these peaks long ago and that in her death, they will go dormant again. Beyond the passes, only the foolhardy, suicidal, and deranged chart their own pass through the Chromatic Fangs.  
- **Puck Loststone:** Puck was like you Deion, a Goliath, born to a family not to be known, taken in by the Marauders and raised to be fierce and cold. You grew up together, fought together, and ate together. While you left on that fateful day, he stayed and for being your friend, you must imagine he paid dearly. Upon your reunion, he spoke in praising terms to the leadership and honorable might of Garrick. He denounced you, he hated you, he loathed you. His attempt to gut you with that blade of death foiled by your will to endure and the magic of Kelswin. Had he turned to darkness? Had he been corrupted? Was Garrick controlling him? Was he simply lost and in need of a friend again? What had happened in those long years remains unknown. He spoke of an alliance between Garrick and Fedorov's Legion in Hope Town. He spoke of things yet to unfold and darkness soon to come. Fearsome. Garrick had never, ever, been known to take an alliance in past history. I guess it's time to catch up with your past Deion. 
## Wake
- Deep dive into Hope town
- Pavel Hard, Fedorov Barovick VII, Tergal the Fierce 
- Info on The Stormlocked Frontier and significant warlords
- Reminder of the Stormlord and how she got his power

Hello Wake, armed hand of the Blue Coat Brigade. So you've supposedly killed your targets then? Would be a shame if you hadn't. I wonder why they were here? Who knows really! 

- **The Stormlocked Frontier:** This is the south-east coast of Mist, locked away behind the barrier mountains of The Chromatic Fangs. It is only accessible through the great three mountain passes: The Bloodstone Pass (The harsh middles pass of Orcs), the Gar Imladris Crossing (The high frozen pass of Elves), and Dum Kazad Khalad Throngul (The deep mountain pass of Dwarves). The Frontier naturally splits into North and South, centered on River Havarra, a churning whitewater rapid that cuts from The Frigid Crucible (The Northern mountain range) down to The Sea of Contention. The Northern part of the Stormlocked Frontier is called the Coast of Promise and is dominated by Hope Town, haven of pirates. The city is ruled by the three pirate factions: The Blue Coat Brigade, the Dead Tide Reapers, and Fedorov's Legion. The rest of the Coast of Promise is filled with small town, hamlets, and villages that are serviced by the great city of Hope. The Southern part of the Stormlocked Frontier is called the Obsidian Coast. The depths of your knowledge would tell you only that it is a land even more harsh, even more chaotic, plunged into even greater turmoil than Hope Town by the competing Baronies there. Its close proximity to the southern mountain ranges, called the Scorvorian Peaks, make the climate hotter, more harsh, and the lands plagued with ashen clouds from volcanic activity. The seas are wrought with danger as well. The Sea of Contention does not connect to the northern sea, called the Distant Sea, nor to the western sea, called the Ocean of Fire. The Sea of Contention is trapped behind the Razor Fangs, mountain ranges extending out from The Chromatic Peaks into the seas and the Mist Walls (called the Shrouds of the Frost Bound Wardens). 
- **Hope Town:** Hope Town is known across the Stormlocked Frontier as the city of pirates, and so it is. There are three pirate factions that control parts of the city: The Blue Coat Brigade, the Dead Tide Reapers, and Fedorov's Legion. The largest by far is Fedorov's Legion. Feared throughout Hope Town, the Legion is led by Fedorov Barovick VII, the current descendant of the lineage of Barovicks that rule the Legion. They control the following trades: spices, exotic foods, magic items, armor, weapons, gems, jewels, mining equipment, alcohol, slavery, and forced labor. Caution is advised. The next largest are the Dead Tide Reapers, led by Tergal the Fierce. Generally speaking, the Reapers tend to be the neutral faction in the city, often acting as arbiters. They control the following trades: monstrous sea creatures, exotic animals, stolen artifacts, rare curios, and the foundry for weapon smithing, forged goods and metallurgy. The smallest by far is the Blue Coat Brigade, led by Pavel Hard. They are known to be weak, but the most fair and generous of the factions. They control the following trades: medicine, herbal remedies, potions, lumber, and forestry imports. The city nests in the middles of River Gold and River Silver, along which Hope Town sprawls. Right now, Hope Town is seeing a sort of armistice, a peace if you will. There is no formal treaty between factions but for now the city lives in a tense peace.
- **The Stormlord:** This is your god. To gain the powers of this divinity you read from an ancient tome, held in secret by the Blue Coat Brigade. This scripture was named "The Codex of the Storm." Inside a detailed ritual described the summoning of a cruel, brutal, and destructive storm is written in common. The rest of the book was gibberish to you. 
## Valyra 
- deep dive into the Green Order
- Info on the Umbrawood 
- Info on the Devils and her contract

Hello Valyra, thanks for joining into our little party. Hopefully they don't mind your past, after all they have already talked with Devils, shouldn't be too much of an issue!

- **The Green Order:** In the North-west lies the grand expanses of the Greenheart Wilderness, a forest teeming with strange creatures, exotic plants, vast groves of ancient trees, and creatures galore. The most vast section of forest is known as the Wildwoods. The dense greeneries and explosive colors make these woods bright but dangerous. Many collections of creatures settled these woods, living not as a society but rather separate self-contained groups that take to themselves in the vast woods. The Mushroom dwellers, the Orchard Folk, the Flower Society, all small pieces of the grander Forest. In the west lies the Umbrawood, a place no sane person should care to ventures. The depths of these forests are seldom explored and for good reason. The powers of dark manifest in strange ways here. Demons and Devils, aberrations, abominations, monstrosities, half-formed creatures, and the undead all lurk here. Rumor has it that a lair of the devils lies in these dark woods. Rumor it is not, for you Valyra were drawn to it. In fright from your unwavering hunter you found this place. Or perhaps, it found you? A lair of devils, their order named the Umbral Cabal and their fortress named the Lostfall Casino. Here a deal was made. In the north part lies the Starwoods. These forests, by ancient legend, are blessed with lunar power. Legend or not, these forests glow with silvery light and are wreathed with shifting mists. The forest is filled with silvered willows and creatures of shimmering fur and scales. The Green Order protects these woods fiercely. An order of elves, half-elves, fairies, Genasi, Satyr, Owlin, and gnomes, their numbers are slight but their dominion is large. Protecting the Starwoods from the evils of the Umbrawood and the chaos of the Wildwoods, none enter their ranks with ease. Asylum can be granted but to stay, you must prove you are one of their ranks. A difficult task indeed, for you must become one with the forest in heart and in soul. 
- **Kilvuzeth and the Umbral Cabal:** You made your deal with a Devil, a higher up within the Umbral Cabal, sequestered away within the Umbrawoods in their Lostfall Casino. To save you from your adversary, a greatwyrm who's child your were tasked to kill, a deal was struck. You know the contents of this deal. They marked you apart from the Green Order. Accepting the powers of Devils was enough to banish you. They would not stoop to kill you, but banishment seems harsh enough.   

# New Rules:
- **New Spellcasting:** On your turn, you may now cast only one spell that consumes a spell slot. This does NOT include spells that do not consume a spell slot to cast. This means that you can cast a spell requiring a spell slot, followed by a spell that does NOT require a spell slot to cast. 
- **Advanced Death Saves:**
	- At 1 success you can crawl half walking speed while prone
	- At 2 success you can use a bonus action that is anything but casting a spell
	- At 3 success you return at one hit point and can only use movement, bonus action, or action on that turn.
	- If you drop beneath 1 hit point, you suffer a point of exhaustion. Effects that would normally stabilize a creature instead restore them to 1 hit point and on their next turn they may take only an action, bonus action, or use movement. 