#dailynotes #journal #idea
[[Daily Notes]]

**How we feeling today chatroom:**
- Early morning writing now, might add stuff later
- Watched a video which made me want to work on puzzles are create a good section for them
- Still worried about eye stuff but, y'know, what can you do
- Need some inspiration, I think I want to work on The Many

**How we feeling tonight chatroom:**
- honestly not so good? Tomorrow holds a lot of good things but today has been very anxiety-ish?
- Really not liking this eye stuff
- I feel such a weird mix of emotions
	- anger at Dr. Chen and his surgery center for not answering my calls, which likely led to the blind spot
	- anger at Dr. Chia for not correctly diagnosing me earlier
	- anger at myself for my body not being healthy
	- Its just a whole cauldron of these angry emotions
	- And that/s not even mentioning the fear I feel. Fear that if something were to happen to the other eye, I would be effectively blind
	- fear that things are still getting worse, even though they don't appear to be
	- Fear for everything that could still yet happen to me
	- And so much anger that, if not for this, literally everything would be going perfectly right now in my life
	- So much went right even just with the surgery. My retina detachment was fixed and the periphery vision has returned just fine. but this blind spot is so hard to come to terms with for me. 
- As for the good things:
	- I have just gotten an amazing girlfriend 
	- my master's classwork is going really well too
	- Work is progressing nicely and I finished my first 6 months
	- and my family relationship is as strong as ever
- So it is LITERALLY just this STUPID eye issue!
- And it is likely permanent, I want to give myself hope that it is not, hope that it is not a blood flow issue in the retina which is certainly permanent, hope that this is something that could possible heal. I want to have hope but I fear that if I give myself it, let myself feel it, then where the day comes that it is dashed, it will feel all the more painful
- New years eve is coming up and I want to find the answer in myself before then 
- And I don't know what that answer is yet
- It's anger and frustration and fear and I need to find the mechanism to deal with it. Deal with the reality that I now face. Deal with the potential of what could come. Deal with what is now. I will try to find the mechanism to deal with it. But I have not found it yet, not today

Maybe life is just hard
Maybe life just gives you hard things and forces you to come to terms with them.
Forces you to say "this is okay, even though its not really okay, I can make this work and it will be okay."
Which isn't ideal, but I guess lots of things aren't.
I get to be special, even if it's in a not-so-good way. 
And that is worth loving, despite the anxiety which is causes sometimes. 

**Things to work on:**
- evidently, this eye issue at the very least haha, but campaign-wise ...
- puzzles? 
- Keep reorganizing?
- Work on adding in some of the stuff from my journal to the vault 