Hello Everyone,

I have the desire that, if at any point in my life, I become unable to continue my GM work for my player group, one of my players inherits my position as GM and continues the adventure for the party. My players were JP, Chris, Jackson, and Sean, and now are JP, Chris, Sean, and Ashley. My first candidate for replacement would be Chris since I know he has been a GM for his own group for a good time now and my close experience, late night talks, and healthy debates have proven that he is, my equal in GM skill, if not even greater. I admire his skill greatly. My second candidate would be Sean to give him a chance to become a GM like he once told me he wanted to. After that, any are free to take up the torch with using my world. 

My next desire is that, when this vault is inherited, the group continues to play with an NPC named Pud. Pud would be a (2014 ruleset) Totem Warrior Barbarian wielding a Great-Axe with the Great Weapons Master feat. That way, if I ever make my return to play with the group, I would have my beloved Pud to play. Since I never got to play him, and spent my GM career being all the voices you interact with, it would make me most happy to see the favor returned, and that the character I covert above any other finally gets to see the fields of war and the world.

I would further request that everyone, regardless of player, starts to take their own notes more seriously. In my years of GM work, I have loved creating things for you all and, while my joy trumps all else, there are times where I wished the information I granted was retained better. I find it to be a simple task of having a small notebook and at the very least, writing down the names of NPCs and factions to refer back to. 

It has been a pleasure and a privilege to be your GM. I loved seeing everything you chose to do, all the chaos you sought to cause, and all the greatness you all achieved. Sometimes it was hard, not getting to share in the excitement of winning alongside my friends. It was hard to not get to play my beloved Pud, when I knew it really was my true calling. It was painful to see you all disappointed when things weren't perfect or when I made poor calls as a GM. It was stressful, that with all my anxiety, I held too in the palm of my hand the enjoyment you would all get to have in my sessions every week. It was tons of work, cause me great stress, and absorbed much time that could've been spent elsewhere. I would not hesitate to undertake it all again and more in a heartbeat. It was a hobby that was more than a hobby to me. I loved it, through and through. I would make the sacrifice of sitting across the table from you all, as your GM, without hesitation. You all made it worth it. Thank you.  

Signed, Ethan Owen