**Description**
- The island of [[Mist]] was retrofitted by [[The Many]] to be a spacecraft to float in the Astral Sea. The Astral Sea is vast, chaotic, and sparse. It is the medium that all other planes "float" in. If you consider each plane as a buoyant sphere, they all float in the "water" of the Astral Sea. [[Mist]] would join them as a much smaller speck, floating far out in the dangerous reaches of the Astral Sea. This is a last resort protocol and is EXCEPTIONALLY dangerous. 
- [[The Obelisk Field]] is the activation circle to start the teleportation process for all of [[Mist]] into the Astral Sea. It requires powering by [[The Mist Codex]] to activate. While activating, the weave is sapped as [[The Mist Codex]] consolidates power to activate the teleportation. Under this [[Mist]]-wide effect, the weave weakens. 3rd level spells become the highest level of spell castable, divine magic ceases to function.  
- The Sea Caves of [[The Whitecliff Plateau]], the other mining sites that seem to have filled in with water, the clustering at each of the compass directions: West, North, South, East, in locations of [[The Whitecliff Plateau]], [[The Umbrawood]], [[The Fractured Coast]], and [[The Stormlocked Frontier]], are engines. These "caves" or "lakes" or "caverns" are always tall and vertical and function as energy chambers for magic engines to channel into. Their walls are glossy and blackened like Igneous Glass. They serve as power and transport in the Astral Sea.
- [[Frost-Bound Wardens]] are the defenders of [[Mist]] in the Astral Sea. All created Wardens will coalesce at the edges of [[Mist]] while [[The Mist Codex]] charges [[The Obelisk Field]] for teleportation. They will rebuild themselves slowly around the island as bastions of defense for the population of [[Mist]].
- A code protocol in [[The Mist Codex]] will begin to readjust the structure of the island for the teleportation. [[King Gillian's Channel]] will be filled in with ice and frozen (from [[The Distant Sea]]) and [[The Meridian Cleave]] will be filled in slowly with magma from [[The Scorvorian Peaks]]. This process with [[The Scorvorian Peaks]] FAIL if [[Scorvorria the Ember Greatwyrm]] has been killed. A "chip" implanted in her codes her to [[The Mist Codex]] allowing it to control her briefly to fill in [[The Meridian Cleave]]. 

This all works quite perfectly. [[The Mist Codex]] has its entrance via The Eight Way in [[The Chromatic Fangs]]. Its sort of like the eagle's nest that oversees [[Mist]] and makes sense to be high in the mountains. It is the final, most powerful bunker of [[The Many]] and acts as a massive command station. The structure of [[The Mist Codex]] reaches deep down into [[Mist]] and actually portrudes form the bottom when [[Mist]] is floating in the Astral Sea, Kind of like Asgard actually. 